There's that question mark
operator like optional chaining or
whatever that's coming out soon.
>> I haven't heard of that one.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So,
can we just sort of forget about
this either type now we have that?
>> Yeah, that is a really good good point
and I'm glad we're able to repeat this for
the audience and
the video is that the fact is,
that is one specific syntax or on
a specific implementation or one quality.
One way to use either, and
it's built in a syntax.
And what we're finding with syntax like
that is that we could learn how to use
these things in general and build a syntax
that works with whatever all of them.
We keep specializing and
fixing to one specific thing and
then it adds to syntax noise and
learning, taxes.
And I'd much prefer staying general and
just working with these types cuz you
only need like, five or
six functions to just do anything.
And that's as we'll see before the days
up like chain map fold traverse, concat
like these are the things that capture
almost anything you'll ever have to do.
And these these contexts
these these types,
they actually stack and
compose themselves.
So, I hesitate to adopt new
syntax unless it's really
going to solve a general problem.
All right, lets jump in,
here is our front run function,
is not written as
cleverly with the [LAUGH]